[en]: update user-guide/workspace/quota (#5435)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/ghippo/user-guide/workspace/quota.md

---
MTPE: WANG0608GitHub
Date: 2024-09-02
---

# Resource Quota

Shared resources do not necessarily mean that the shared users can use the shared resources without
any restrictions. Admin, Kpanda Owner, and Workspace Admin can limit the maximum usage quota of a user
through the __Resource Quota__ feature in shared resources. If no restrictions are set, it means the
usage is unlimited.

- CPU Request (Core)
- CPU Limit (Core)
- Memory Request (MB)
- Memory Limit (MB)
- Total Storage Request (GB)
- Persistent Volume Claims (PVC)

> - GPU Type, Specifications, Quantity (including but not limited to Nvidia, Ascend, ILLUVATAR, and other GPU cards)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GPU Type, Spec, Quantity (including but not limited to Nvidia, Ascend, ILLUVATAR, and other GPUs)
```
